test_discrete_log_interactive_conjunction: 0.64 miliseconds
test_discrete_log_conjunction: 0.58 miliseconds
test_discrete_log_conjunction_ecc: 139.97 miliseconds
test_discrete_log_interactive: 0.52 miliseconds
test_discrete_log: 0.52 miliseconds
test_discrete_log_ecc: 75.24 miliseconds
test_discrete_log_disjuntion_interactive: 0.65 miliseconds
test_discrete_log_disjunction: 0.55 miliseconds
test_discrete_log_disjunction_ecc: 158.37 miliseconds
test_discrete_log_equality_interactive: 0.72 miliseconds
test_discrete_log_equality: 0.69 miliseconds
test_discrete_log_equality_ecc: 134.03 miliseconds
test_pedersen_commitment_interactive: 0.88 miliseconds
test_pedersen_commitment: 0.56 miliseconds
test_pederesen_commitment_ecc: 114.63 miliseconds
test_pederesen_commitment_eq_msg_rnd_interactive: 0.54 miliseconds
test_pedersen_commitment_eq_msg_rnd: 0.54 miliseconds
test_pederesen_commitment_eq_msg_rnd_ecc: 216.91 miliseconds
test_pederesen_commitments_interactive: 0.43 miliseconds
test_pederesen_commitments: 0.81 miliseconds
test_pederesen_commitments_ecc: 222.07 miliseconds
